David W. Aha:  Machine Learning Page
Machine Learning Resources. Suggestions welcome. ... (WizRule); ZDM Scientific
Ltd. Conference Announcements. Courses on Machine Learning. Data Repositories. ... 
Description: Comprehensive machine learning resources from Applications to Tutorials.

Home Pages of ML & CBR Folks
Machine Learning and Case-Based Reasoning Home Pages. All 834 entries | Dedicated
interface | Geographic location (Please send edits to David W. Aha). ... 
Description: A list of home pages for people in machine learning and case-based reasoning.

UCI Machine Learning Repository
Welcome to the UCI Machine Learning Repository! ... The majority of the entries in the
repository were contributed by machine learning researchers outside of UCI. ... 
Description: A repository of databases, domain theories and data generators that are used by the machine learning...

UCI Machine Learning Group
Machine learning investigates the mechanisms by which knowledge is
acquired through experience. ... UCI Machine Learning Information. ... 

MLnet OiS - Find information and resources on Machine Learning, ... 
The Machine Learning Network Online Information Service provides information
and resources related to machine learning, knowledge discovery, case-based ... 
Description: The MLnet OiS offers software, datasets, information about events, research groups, persons and other...

Datasets for Machine Learning, Knowledge Discovery, Data Mining - ... 
Add or update a dataset in the MLnetOiS: Events related to machine learning, knowledge
discovery, data mining, knowledge acquisition, etc. ... 

Machine Learning textbook
Machine Learning, Tom Mitchell, McGraw Hill, 1997. cover Machine Learning is the
study of computer algorithms that improve automatically through experience. ... 
Description: A textbook by Tom Mitchell, McGraw Hill, 1997.

15-681 and 15-781 Machine Learning
Machine Learning, 15:681 and 15:781, Fall 1998. ... This course covers the theory
and practice of machine learning from a variety of perspectives. ... 

Machine Learning in Games
Machine Learning in Games. How computers can learn to get better at playing
games. This site is for artificial intelligence researchers ... 
Description: How computers can learn to get better at playing games. This site is for artificial intelligence...

Machine Learning in Games has moved
Machine Learning in Games has moved. Machine Learning in Games is the new location.
There are many updates, corrections, and improvements at the new site. ... 
Description: Review of research and implementations in Backgammon, Othello, soccer, and other games.

Kluwer
Kluwer Alert, Subscribe today for our free electronic notification service
for journal tables of contents and new product announcements ... 

Journal of Machine Learning Research Homepage
Description: Provides an international forum for the electronic and paper publication of high-quality scholarly...

Introduction to Machine Learning
Introduction to Machine Learning. ... Description (as of October 16, 2001): This
page has pointers to the various chapters of notes on Machine Learning. ... 
Description: By Nils J. Nilsson (downloadable draft)

UTCS Machine Learning Research Group
Machine learning is the study of adaptive computational systems that
improve their performance with experience. The UT Machine Learning ... 
Description: Research on General Inductive Learning, Inductive Logic Programming, Natural Language Learning, Qualitati...

Machine Learning Research Software
Machine Learning Research Software. We have compiled a group of Common
Lisp files for various inductive classification algorithms. ... 

Machine Learning Project
Weka Machine Learning Project An exciting and potentially far-reaching development
in contemporary computer science is the invention and application of methods ... 

Weka 3 - Data Mining with Open Source Machine Learning Software ... 
Weka 3: Machine Learning Software in Java. Weka is a collection of machine
learning algorithms for solving real-world data mining problems. ... 
Description: Weka is a collection of machine learning algorithms for solving real-world data mining problems. It...

Machine Learning Courses
Index of Machine Learning Courses. Machine Learning,Altay Guvenir, Bilkent University,
Turkey. Machine Learning, Tony Martinez, Brigham Young University. ... 

Home Page of the UW-Madison Machine Learning Research Group
This page contains relevant information about, and for, the members of the Machine
Learning Research Group (MLRG) at the University of Wisconsin - Madison. ... 
Description: Research on information retrieval and extraction, bioinformatics, connectionist models, hybrid systems.

1998 International Machine Learning Conference
(larger version of cover). The Fifteenth International Conference on Machine Learning.
The on-line schedule for ICML-98 contains links to many of the papers. ... 
Description: The Fifteenth International Conference on Machine Learning. July 24-27, 1998 in Madison, Wisconsin.

Machine Learning
Machine Learning, THE ... Machine learning refers to a system capable of
the autonomous acquisition and integration of knowledge. This ... 

GMU Machine Learning and Inference Laboratory
... 2002 Copyright © 2002-2003 Machine Learning and Inference Laboratory
Front page created by Guido Cervone and Janejira Kalsmith. ... 
Description: Research on Theories of Learning, Inference, and Discovery Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery, User...

Machine Learning, Neural and Statistical Classification
Machine Learning, Neural and Statistical Classification. D. Michie, DJ Spiegelhalter,
CC Taylor (eds). ... Chapter 5: Machine Learning of Rules and Trees. ... 
Description: This book is based on the EC (ESPRIT) project StatLog which compare and evaluated a range of classificat...

Yahoo! Groups : machine-learning
machine-learning · Machine Learning, [ Join This Group! ]. Home, Messages, Links,
Members Only, Chat, ... Machine Learning mailing list: machine-learning@egroups.com. ... 
Description: An unmoderated mailing list intended for people in computer sciences, statistics, mathematics, and...

Yahoo! Science > Computer Science > Artificial Intelligence > ... 
... Knowledge Sharing Effort, The; Machine Learning and Case-Based Reasoning
Home Pages; Machine Learning and Inference at GMU; Machine ... 

Machine Learning Journal
Machine Learning Journal. ... Machine Learning publishes articles on the mechanisms
through which intelligent systems improve their performance over time. ... 

The Machine Learning Systems Group at JPL | Home
The Home page of JPL's Machine Learning Systems Group, which performs
applied research in pattern recognition and data mining. ... 
Description: Applied research in data mining, knowledge discovery, pattern recognition, and automated classification...

Machine Learning FAQ
Machine Learning FAQ. Machine Learning Frequently Asked Questions. Click Here
to access our page. You are using a Browser that does not support Frames. ... 
Description: Questions and answers about Machine Learning. Anyone can post his/her own questions and answers.

Machine Learning
6.858/18.428: Machine Learning. Available Lecture Notes. ... Defining models for
machine learning. Learning conjunctions in the mistake-bounded model. ... 

Machine Learning
6.858/18.428: Machine Learning. ... This course deals with the following topics:
Formal models of machine learning; Learning concepts from examples; ... 

Artificial Intelligence Subject Index
If you came to this page directly from outside, you might want to
take a look at our general AI Resource page. Machine Learning. ... 

New Link To Robert Holte's home page for Machine Learning
New Link To Robert Holte's home page for Machine Learning. The web
pages maintained by Robert Holte for Machine Learning have moved. ... 

IFIP WG 12.2 Global Web Site for Machine Learning and Case-Based ... 
IFIP WG 12.2 Global Web Site for Machine Learning and Case-Based Reasoning
Researchers. You can search for Machine Learning and Case ... 

BYU Neural Networks and Machine Learning Lab
BYU Neural Networks and Machine Learning Laboratory. Lab Director - Tony
Martinez. ... Links to other Neural Network and Machine Learning resources. ... 

Machine Learning
Machine Learning. Related Sites. Machine Learning Resources courtesy
of David Aha A Machine Learning Tutorial a good overview of the ... 

ICML-2001
The Eighteenth International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML-2001). Williams
College. ... Previous meetings on machine learning: ICML-2k, ICML-99, ICML-98. ... 
Description: The Eighteenth International Conference on Machine Learning. Williams College (Massachusetts), June...

Machine Learning Group
[ Bristol CS | Index | Research | ML group | Student projects ] Machine
Learning Research Group. Overview. The Machine Learning Research ... 
Description: Research on higher-order concept learning, inductive logic programming, multi-agent learning systems,...

Teaching, Machine Learning
[ Bristol CS | Index | Teaching | Machine Learning Home ] Machine
Learning and Data Mining Home. Welcome to the home page for the ... 

Machine Learning and Information Retrieval (Belew/Shavlik)
Machine Learning and Information Retrieval. Richard K. Belew. ... Machine Learning:
Expert Systems and Information Retrieval by Richard Forsyth, Roy Rada. ... 
Description: A collection of online papers about ML approaches to Information Retrieval. Maintained by R. Belew...

ICML2002 - Sydney
The Nineteenth International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML-2002). ... Previous
meetings on machine learning: ICML-2001, ICML-2000, ICML-99 , ICML-98. ... 

The Machine Learning Dictionary
The Machine Learning Dictionary for COMP9414. ... Further information on Machine
Learning can be found in the class web page lecture notes section. ... 

ICML-2000
Seventeenth International Conference on Machine Learning. Stanford University. ... Tutorials
on Commercial Applications of Machine Learning and Data Mining [new]. ... 
Description: Seventeenth International Conference on Machine Learning. Stanford University June 29-July 2, 2000.

Machine Learning and Applied Statistics - Home
Home Machine Learning and Applies Statistics Overview Group Member Photos People
Projects Publications MLAS in the News. ... Journal of Machine Learning Research. ... 
Description: The MLAS group is focused on learning from data and data mining. By building software that automatically...

Machine Learning and Applied Statistics - Home
Home > Research Machine Learning and Applies Statistics Overview Group
Member Photos People Projects Publications MLAS in the News. Overview. ... 

The Hebrew University - School of Computer Science and ... 
The Machine Learning Lab. Contents: ... Research students: Gill Bejerano Main
subject : Machine Learning, Applications in Computational Biology. ... 
Description: Research projects on learning in human-machine interaction, natural language interface to the WWW,...

University of York Machine Learning Group
Content Introduction. 

Machine Learning at the University of Toronto
The Department of Computer Science at the University of Toronto has several
faculty members working in the area of machine learning, neural networks ... 

SGI - MLC++: Home Page
MLC++ MLC++ is a library of C++ classes for supervised machine learning.
The MLC++ utilities were created using the library. MLC++ ... 
Description: MLC++ is a standard C++ library for supervised machine learning, with back-end and front-end tools...

Genetics-Based Machine Learning
These pages are best viewed with some recent version of Netscape. 
Description: Generalization, scheduling and performance evaluation from the Teacher Research Group.

The NN learning algorithm benchmarking page
Benchmarking of learning algorithms. information repository page ... Lutz
Prechelt. Some notes on neural learning algorithm benchmarking. ... 

Machine Learning Laboratory
Machine Learning Laboratory. Overview. In the UMass Machine Learning Laboratory
(directed by Prof. Utgoff), we study computational ... 
Description: Research on Neural Networks and Decision Trees.

Department of Computer Science
... advances in areas such as: Machine Learning; Robotics, Computer Vision
and Wearable Computing; Information Retrieval and Data Mining; ... 
Description: Department news, events, and awards, faculty, staff, grad students home pages, class and program descript...

Machine Learning at UC Santa Cruz
Machine Learning Home Page. ... The Machine Learning group at UCSC is dedicated to
the discovery and analysis of algorithms for different learning problems. ... 
Description: Research on decision theory, neural networks, computational biology, computational geometry, theoretical...

Machine Learning Resources on the Web
Machine Learning Resources on the Web. A refereed electronic journal (ISSN 1093-7609)
Neural Computing Surveys ... MLC++, a machine learning library in C++. ... 

Machine Learning Group
The Machine Learning Group. Department of Computer and System Sciences
Stockholm University/KTH Electrum 230 S-164 40 Kista, Sweden ... 

The Rutgers Machine Learning Research Group Homepage
This page is the main frameset to the Rutgers Machine Learning Research Group
website. This site uses frames. You can view a noframes version here: 
Description: Research interest in online algorithms, sequence categorization, action prediction, genetic algorithms,...

ECML/PKDD-2001 Home
12th European Conference on Machine Learning (ECML'01). ... Call for Proposals
for ECML and/or PKDD 2002. International Society on Machine Learning. ... 

Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing Lab
... Teaching. Job and Students. Opportunities. Tools and Data. Miscellaneous. Contact.
Welcome to the chair of. Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing. ... 
Description: Research on Data Mining, Machine Learning,Inductive Logic Programming, Relational Learning, Machine...

Machine Learning for Information Extraction
AAAI-99 Workshop on Machine Learning for Information Extraction July
19, 1999, Orlando Florida. The dramatic growth in the number ... 

Machine Learning and Neural Networks Group - Universities of ... 
Machine Learning and Neural Networks group. People. Faculty. Ph.D Students. Paolo
Frasconi. ... , Machine learning for the web. ·, Neural networks for QSPR/QSAR. ·, ... 

Machine Learning in Bioinformatics
... Special Session: Machine Learning in Bioinformatics Call for papers. ... Topics of interest
include (but are not limited to) applications of machine learning to: ... 

CS 661 - Machine Learning (Salzberg)
CS 661 - Machine Learning (Spring 1996). Steven Salzberg will ... (228K, PostScript).
On-Line Resources in Machine Learning. Pointers to Machine ... 

Open Directory - Computers: Artificial Intelligence: Machine ... 
... David W. Aha: Machine Learning Page - Comprehensive machine learning
resources from Applications to Tutorials. Machine Learning ... 

AI / Machine Learning Resources
AI / Machine Learning Resources. General Machine Learning. The Journal
of Machine Learning. MLnet Machine Learning Archive at GMD. The ... 

Machine Learning in Automated Text Categorization
Machine Learning in Automated Text Categorization FABRIZIO SEBASTIANI Consiglio Nazionale
delle Ricerche, Italy The automated categorization (or classification ... 
Description: Survey discussing the main approaches to text categorization that fall within the machine learning...

Kernel Machines
Description: A central source of information on kernel based methods, including support vector machines, Gaussian...

Machine Learning CiteSeer; NEC Research Institute; Steve ... 
... machine learning researchers that the Bayesian 56 Multiagent Systems: A Survey from
a Machine Learning Perspective - Stone, Veloso (1997) (Correct) Distributed ... 

DTAI - Machine Learning
ML | DTAI | Dept. of Computer Science | Faculty of Engineering | KU.Leuven,
DTAI Machine Learning Group. [NEDERLANDS] ENGLISH Machine ... 

CWIS: Machine Learning Research Group
... Click here to go to the new webpage of the ML group. Machine Learning research
group. Current research Publications Conferences relevant to us. ... 

ECML'98 in Chemnitz
10th European Conference on Machine Learning. April 21 - 24, 1998. ... Human Learning
meets Machine Learning" organized by D. Canamero and M. Van Someren. ... 

IDIAP : > MachineLearning > Introduction
What do we mean by Statistical Machine Learning? ... The actual research
directions of Statistical Machine Learning are quite diverse. ... 

Cogprints - Subject: Machine Learning
Subject: Machine Learning. ... Proceedings AAAI Fall Symposium on Machine Learning and
Computer Vision, pages 70-74, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina, USA. ... 

Simple Machines
return to previous page. Simple Machines Learning Site. ... Each of the machine
pages below contain information and activities for the students to use. ... 

Machine Learning/Genetic Algorithm group - Dipartimento di ... 
... The Machine Learning group at the Dipartimento di Informatica, Universita di Torino
is part of a larger research group on Artificial Intelligence, and is ... 
Description: Research on learning first-order classification rules, first-order concept descriptions, genetic algorith...

ECML/PKDD-2002
... Photos Proposals 2003 Sitemap Home ECML/PKDD-2002. 13th European Conference
on Machine Learning (ECML'02). 6th European Conference on ... 

Machine Learning for Information Retrieval: Neural Networks, ... 
Machine Learning for Information Retrieval: Neural Networks, Symbolic
Learning, and Genetic Algorithms. Contents. List of Figures. ... 

ICML 2003
The Twentieth International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML-2003).
August 21-24, 2003 Washington, DC USA. The Twentieth International ... 

Machine Learning
Machine Learning. Machine Learning Home Page (Editor) Machine Learning Home
Page (Publisher) Machine Learning Online by Kluwer Academic Publishers: ... 

AAAI Spring Symposium: Machine Learning in Information Access
AAAI Spring Symposium on Machine Learning in Information Access. ... Rik Belew has
collected resources relevant to Machine Learning and Information Access . ... 

ICML-99
Description: The Sixteenth International Conference on Machine Learning. June 27-30, 1999, Bled, Slovenia.

Training - Machine Learning network Online Information Service
The aim of the MLnet II - Training Committee is to serve as a reference for scientists
involved in machine learning, as well as to introduce the basic ideas to ... 

Oxford University Machine Learning Group
Machine Learning at the Computing Laboratory. ... Logic Programming and
Learning and Intelligent Systems. Other Machine Learning Groups. ... 

IJCAI 99 Workshop: Machine Learning for Information Filtering. Workshop
on "Machine Learning for Information Filtering" at IJCAI 99. ... 

Data Mining
By Author. Data Mining: Practical Machine Learning Tools and Techniques with
Java Implementations Ian H. Witten, Eibe Frank, ... 

C4.5: Programs for Machine Learning
By Author. C4.5: Programs for Machine Learning J. Ross Quinlan, The
Morgan Kaufmann Series in Machine ... 

Bioinformatics
Bioinformatics The Machine Learning Approach. by Pierre Baldi and Soren
Brunak. MIT Press February 1998 ISBN 0-262-0244-X 360 pp., 62 ... 
Description: by P. Baldi and S. Brunak, MIT Press February 1998.

International Conferences on Machine Learning and Applications
The 2002 International Conferences on Machine Learning and Applications The
2003 International Conferences on Machine Learning and Applications. 

Applying a Machine Learning Workbench: Experience with ... 
Applying a Machine Learning Workbench: Experience with Agricultural Databases Stephen
R. Garner, Sally Jo Cunningham, Geoffrey Holmes, Craig G. Nevill-Manning ... 